Latest Headlines on CNN Business-
Refinery29 is reeling from claims of racism and toxic work culture.
Employees say it's even worse behind the scenes

Travel News - CNN-
Outlook for Disney World and Disneyland reopenings: What will it be like?
And when will parks be running?

Cristobal will move into Canada as widespread severe storms impact the Great Lakes region-
(CNN) What's left of Cristobal has survived its long trek up the Mississippi River Valley, causing widespread flooding.
Now, Cristobal is heading into Canada as an extra-tropical storm, bringing widespread thunderstorms to the Great Lakes region.
"As the remnants of Cristobal lifts very quickly to the north, the system will bring strong severe storms to portions of the Great Lakes, more specifically Michigan and Ohio this afternoon," CNN meteorologist Haley Brink says.
And with an advancing cold front right on its heels, the two systems will clash and bring tropical-like storms to the region and a line of strong storms associated with the advancing cold front.
The Storm Prediction Center has issued a moderate risk -- level 4 of 5 -- for severe thunderstorms, including tornadoes for Wednesday afternoon and tonight.

This storm chasers photos all began with Bruce Springsteen-
Racing toward him is Bruce Springsteen in a convertible  and the deep darkness of a massive thunderstorm.
A cloud of dust trails behind Springsteens car, which is lit by the little remaining light.
The experience set the foundation for Meolas storm photography nearly four decades later.
My original intention was to just have the experience, to see what it was like to see a few storms, Meola said.
I was mesmerized by what I saw: the sheer scale of the destruction, which was in stark contrast to the beauty of the light and the landscapes of the Great Plains, Meola said.

Hurricane season 2020: NOAA, others project above average season-Allison Chinchar,Judson Jones
(CNN) The start to Atlantic hurricane season doesn't officially begin for another 11 days, despite already having one named storm, Arthur, earlier this week.
It calls for an above average season, making the consensus even stronger that the US is headed for an active season.
According to Gerry Bell, lead hurricane season forecaster with NOAA's Climate Prediction Center, this would break the previous record of four set back in 1998-2001.
However, hurricane season includes all three of the fall months, so will the neutral conditions stay or change in the fall?
The ECMWF seasonal hurricane forecast is derived from a count of vortices spun up by the model during the hurricane season, says Klotzbach.

How cities along the US coast are preparing for a hurricane season like no other-Rosa Flores,Faith Karimi,Sara Weisfeldt
But most plans don't include a hurricane season coinciding with a ravaging pandemic that drains resources and shows no signs of slowing down.
As hurricane season officially starts Monday, Florida and other states along the Atlantic coast are faced with the daunting reality, and are rewriting nearly every aspect of their storm preparedness.
Evacuations will be more complicatedBy all indications, it'll be a busy hurricane season.
Personal protective equipment is also crucial to ensure that the virus does not spread in areas already at risk during hurricane season.
The goal is to make sure there are 10 million masks on hand during hurricane season, Moskowitz said.

Hurricanes, typhoons and cyclones are becoming stronger, according to a new NOAA study-Judson Jones,Brandon Miller
(CNN) It is becoming increasingly evident that hurricanes, typhoons, and tropical cyclones worldwide are becoming stronger and potentially more deadly as the globe warms due to the climate crisis, according to a new study.
The study , released on Monday by researchers at the University of Wisconsin in Madison and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), looked at nearly 40 years of satellite data of global storms.
"Almost all of the damage and mortality caused by hurricanes is done by major hurricanes (category 3 to 5)," Kossin said.
The study reveals that global warming has increased sea surface temperature in regions where tropical cyclones form.
Evidence shows global warming is making tropical cyclones strongerFinding trends in global tropical cyclones has traditionally suffered from inconsistent data records going back several decades, said Ryan Maue, a private industry meteorologist not involved in the recent research.

Killer heat and humidity combination not experienced before is becoming more common-Derek Van Dam,Cnn Meteorologist
(CNN) Devastating effects of killer "humid-heat" waves are already ravaging the world, contrary to climate studies suggesting these extreme impacts are still decades away.
A new report released Friday by The Earth Institute at Columbia University indicates that the combination of extreme heat and humidity once believed never experienced by humans, is already occurring.
This weather mix, often fatal, is surpassing the theoretical threshold of human survivability and will increasingly test our limits well into the future.
What sets this study apart is it looked directly at hourly data captured by nearly 8,000 weather stations, whereas previous studies generally average temperature and humidity over longer durations and larger areas.
Since temperature and humidity spikes can occur in only a few hours and in specific locations (like a densely populated neighborhood within a coastal city), previous studies have failed to capture the extreme nature of the heat stress.

To my son, born in the time of coronavirus and climate change-Bill Weir,Cnn Chief Climate Correspondent
When we finally realized that the worried scientists were right, people got scared and went searching for potions and protections.
But like today's coronavirus, carbon dioxide and methane molecules don't care what we believe.
The day I saw your face for the first time, I went from the ultrasound to a climate march led by Greta Thunberg .
Greta Thunberg, center, leads young activists and supporters in New York as they demand action on the climate crisis.
The lighthouse keeper is vigilant and dependable, with a reverence for nature's power and a commitment to saving lives.

Photos: Earth's beauty is at risk-Judson Jones,Allison Collins
Victoria FallsVictoria Falls, on the border of Zimbabwe and Zambia, usually spans 2 kilometers (1.25 miles) and its waters plummet 100 meters (350 feet) into the canyon below.
But shifts like these between weather extremes can be devastating for people and ecosystems that depend on a reliable water source.
Shutterstock Victoria Falls, on the border of Zimbabwe and Zambia, usually spans 2 kilometers (1.25 miles) and its waters plummet 100 meters (350 feet) into the canyon below.
Earth Day photos: The world's beauty is at riskVictoria FallsVictoria Falls, on the border of Zimbabwe and Zambia, usually spans 2 kilometers (1.25 miles) and its waters plummet 100 meters (350 feet) into the canyon below.
See more of CNN's Earth Day and climate crisis coverage Follow @CNNclimate on Instagram Get the latest climate news and indepth features

Why Donald Trump's 'Juneteenth' speech will be a disaster-Analysis Chris Cillizza,Cnn Editor-At-Large
(CNN) Donald Trump will return to the 2020 campaign trail on June 19 in Tulsa, Oklahoma, a move freighted with racial symbolism and one almost certain to end poorly for the incumbent president.
Its hard not to see this as intentional by the Trump campaign.
And Trump could have done the rally on lots of days -- 364 of them actually!
"The African American community is very near and dear to his heart," said White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany on Thursday of Trump's planned Tulsa rally on Juneteenth.
So it's a meaningful day to him and it's a day where wants to share some of the progress that's been made as we look forward and more that needs to be done."

Trump's upcoming Tulsa rally on Juneteenth sparks concern-
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger.
Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.

CNN investigation: Minneapolis police rarely disciplined for complaints, records show-
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger.
Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.

Gen. Mark Milley apologizes for appearing in photo-op with Trump-
America's top general Mark Milley is apologizing for appearing in a photo-op in combat fatigues with President Donald Trump after the forceful dispersal of protesters outside the White House, saying the move was a "mistake."

White House says Juneteenth is a 'meaningful day' to Trump-
White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany talked to reporters about President Donald Trump resuming campaign rallies on Juneteenth, a holiday marking the emancipation of slaves, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, a city with a history of a racial massacre.

Video shows alleged assault on London police officers-
A video showing an incident in which two London police officers were allegedly assaulted sparked condemnation from the UK's Home Secretary and the city's mayor.

Biden says Trump will try to steal the election-
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger.
Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.

Over 44 million Americans file for unemployment since mid-March-
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger.
Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.

Pence tweets photo of Trump reelection campaign-
Vice President Mike Pence tweeted a photo showing a crowd of President Donald Trump's reelection campaign staff not wearing face masks or social distancing.
The photo appeared to be from the campaign's Arlington, Virginia, office.
Pence later deleted the tweet.

LZ Granderson: NASCAR statement is hugely symbolic-
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger.
Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.

PRIDE 2020: Out on the Frontline-
This Pride Month, amid the backdrop of the global coronavirus pandemic, were recognizing 12 LGBTQ people contributing to the fight against COVID-19 and its ripple effects.
This Pride Month, amid the backdrop of the global coronavirus pandemic, were recognizing 12 LGBTQ people contributing to the fight against COVID-19 and its ripple effects.

World News-
WATCH: Trudeau pauses for more than 20 seconds when asked about Trump, U.S. protests

Asian America: Community News, Information, Culture & More - NBC News-
Its definitely an honor to be able to say you get to guard the president," said Alta Lauren Gunawan, whose father is Indonesian.

Latino: Community News, Information, Culture & More - NBC News-
Her kids were taken away from her.
A migrant mom shares her nightmare in a new book.

NBCBLK: Black Community News, Information, Culture & More - NBC News-
Malcolm Jenkins says NFL won't be 'on the right side of history' until it addresses Kaepernick

NBC OUT: Latest news about the LGBTQ community - NBC News-
Whether she meant to or not, Rowling created an army of young people around the world who would grow up in direct opposition to her own hateful ignorance.

Analysis: Data from 15 million phones shows some Americans are gathering at pre-pandemic levels-Nigel Chiwaya,Nigel Chiwaya Is A Data Reporter For Nbc News.
Cuebiq's data does not attempt to tie social distancing behavior to transmission rates of the coronavirus.
Full coverage of the coronavirus outbreakMost Americans began slowly decreasing the number of times they came near others in early March.
In Los Angeles, Cuebiq's data shows, contact between residents had its first big decrease on March 13, the day President Donald Trump declared COVID-19 a national emergency and six days before California issued the country's first stay-at-home order.
Data from Apple Maps in May showed that Americans in certain cities began driving and walking around again.
But Cuebiq's data suggests that even as they're moving about, Americans are coming nearby one another more often.

Coronavirus live updates: Dow plunges nearly 7 percent on concerns of COVID-19 resurgence-Nbc News
As more than 20 states report a climb in coronavirus cases, there are new worries that consumers will be reluctant to return to restaurants and take trips.
Share this -Coronavirus cases in US total 2,020,218, with at least 114,009 deaths.
Share this -Coronavirus closed restaurants.
Thats why I understand how difficult it is for millions of restaurant workers who have lost their livelihood because of the coronavirus.
More than 6,600 cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Nashville and Davidson County, including 56 new cases in the past 24 hours.

Coronavirus is making a comeback in Arizona three weeks after governor lifted stay-at-home order-Vaughn Hillyard,Vaughn Hillyard Is A Political Reporter For Nbc News.,Corky Siemaszko,Corky Siemaszko Is A Senior Writer For Nbc News Digital.
Doug Ducey lifted his stay-at-home order, the state has seen a big spike in the number of coronavirus cases.
During a June 4 press conference, Ducey was asked why Arizona was not making changes as the coronavirus case numbers were rising in the state.
Already, 11 Arizona hospitals have hit ICU capacity, Ann-Marie Alameddin, the president of the Arizona Hospital and Healthcare Association, said.
Three weeks ago, the stay-at-home order was lifted and since then, if you look at the streets of Arizona, people are conducting themselves as business-as-usual at times, she said.
His social media is full of pictures of him meeting people without masks, without social distancing, Butler said.

Joint Chiefs Chairman Milley discussed resigning over role in Trump's church photo op-Courtney Kube,Courtney Kube Is A Correspondent Covering National Security,The Military For The Nbc News Investigative Unit.,Carol E. Lee,Carol E. Lee Is An Nbc News Correspondent.
The Pentagon's top general discussed resigning amid criticism over his participation in President Donald Trump's controversial photo opportunity at a Washington church, three defense officials familiar with the matter told NBC News.
Army Gen. Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, apologized over the incident Thursday, saying, "I should not have been there."
The defense officials said they hoped to get enough Guard forces working that the active-duty troops would not be necessary.
Thinking he would be there for several hours, he wore his combat fatigues, three defense officials said.
A defense official confirmed that Milley did speak "to several of his longstanding mentors to discuss his situation."

Trump says he is 'finalizing' executive order to address policing-Lauren Egan,Lauren Egan Is A Reporter For Nbc News Based In Washington.
The recommendations will encourage "tactics for de-escalation," Trump said at a roundtable event with faith leaders, law enforcement officials and small-business owners at Gateway Church in Dallas.
"Also, we'll encourage pilot programs that allow social workers to join certain law enforcement officers so that they work together," Trump said.
Trump said that in addition to the executive order, he plans to address economic development in minority communities, health care disparities in minority communities and school choice.
Trump did not say how he would address such broad policy topics.
Trump is expected to attend a private fundraiser in Dallas before heading to his Bedminster, New Jersey, property.

Nation's top military officer apologizes for role in Trump photo op outside church: 'I should not have been there'-Allan Smith,Allan Smith Is A Political Reporter For Nbc News.
My presence in that moment, and in that environment, created a perception of the military involved in domestic politics."
He stood in front of the church, held up a Bible, and had a few photos taken before returning to the White House.
President Donald Trump departs the White House to visit outside St. John's Church, on June 1, 2020, in Washington.
Patrick Semansky / AP fileMilley, Defense Secretary Mark Esper, Attorney General William Barr and others accompanied Trump to the church.
Speaking with NBC News, Esper said he thought the walk from the White House would be "to see some damage and talk to the troops."

Seattle protesters set up 'autonomous zone' after police evacuate precinct-Daniella Silva,Daniella Silva Is A Reporter For Nbc News,Specializing In Immigration,Inclusion Issues,As Well As Coverage Of Latin America.,Matteo Moschella,Matteo Moschella Is A London-Based Reporter For Nbc News' Social Newsgathering Team.
The Seattle Police Department vacated the East Precinct on Monday night, and protesters against the killing of George Floyd and police brutality established the zone, known as CHAZ, and changed the boarded-up building's sign to read "Seattle People Department."
People painted BLACK LIVES MATTER in the middle of the street and renamed two streets BLACK LIVES MATTER Way and BLACK LIVES MATTER Square.
People stand in front of the Seattle Police Department's East Precinct sign in the "Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone" while continuing to demonstrate against racial inequality and call for the defunding of Seattle police in Seattle on Tuesday, June 9, 2020.
Seattle Police Chief Carmen Best arrived at the precinct with other officers Thursday morning and inspected the building, while other officers stood outside, Salisbury said.
The beginnings of a Black Lives Matter mural begin to take shape on East Pine Street in the "Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone" in Seattle on Wednesday, June 10, 2020.

Tacoma woman charged with burning 5 Seattle police vehicles during protests-Phil Helsel,Phil Helsel Is A Reporter For Nbc News.
A Tacoma, Washington, woman accused of setting fire to five Seattle police cars during protests there late last month was arrested Thursday.
She is scheduled to make a court appearance at U.S. District Court in Seattle on Friday afternoon, the U.S. attorney's office said.
The five police vehicles were set on fire after police responded to a large protest in downtown Seattle.
Four vehicles were completely destroyed, with mostly the metal frames remaining, and the fifth was heavily damaged, according to the complaint.
The protests in Seattle on May 30 were described by police as mostly peaceful, but by mid-day May 31, there were "hundreds of buildings and businesses damaged," and eight vehicles burned, Seattle police have said.

Republicans pick Jacksonville, Florida, as convention site for Trump to accept nomination-Dartunorro Clark,Dartunorro Clark Is A Political Reporter For Nbc News.
The Republican National Committee announced Thursday that it had selected Jacksonville, Florida, as the site where President Donald Trump will accept the party's nomination after bailing on Charlotte, North Carolina, over coronavirus restrictions.
"We are thrilled to celebrate this momentous occasion in the great city of Jacksonville," RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement.
The move to Florida, a crucial battleground state, comes after the committee was at loggerheads with North Carolina Gov.
The convention is scheduled for the week of Aug. 24; Trump will accept the Republican presidential nomination at VyStar Veterans Memorial Arena.
There is still a plan to hold all convention business in Charlotte because of contractual obligations between the city and Republican National Committee.

'Slap in the face to black people': Trump faces backlash over rally on Juneteenth-Rebecca Shabad,Rebecca Shabad Is A Congressional Reporter For Nbc News,Based In Washington.
This is ridiculous and yet another slap in the face to black people," Bass added.
Rep. Al Green, D-Texas, a member of the caucus, tweeted that a Trump campaign rally with "rebel flags" on Juneteenth "is overt racism from the highest office in the land."
The day, also known as Emancipation Day or Black Independence Day, celebrates the end of slavery in the United States after the Civil War.
Many black Tulsa residents were imprisoned and more than 800 people were treated for injuries, the museum says.
Trump likely has no clue what the significance of Juneteenth and Tulsa are.

Jacksonville GOP convention? Republicans open arms, Democrats fear Trump divisiveness, COVID-19-Allan Smith,Allan Smith Is A Political Reporter For Nbc News.
Jacksonville, Florida, is going to be the new host city for the Republican National Convention.
"The unfortunate circumstance is that we have the most divisive president ever," Democratic state Sen. Audrey Gibson told NBC News.
"Tim Russert famously, and correctly, predicted that the 2000 presidential election would be all about 'Florida, Florida, Florida,'" state Sen.
Rob Bradley, a Republican, told NBC News "Mr. Russert was right then and the same is true in 2020.
"That is the day that Donald Trump will accept the Republican nomination," Garrett Dennis, a Democratic Jacksonville city councilman, told NBC News.

Trump's re-election is approaching the danger zone, polls show-Steve Kornacki,Author Of,The Red,The Blue,The Birth Of Political Tribalism,Is A National Political Correspondent For Nbc News
Of course, Trump is no stranger to political crisis, and he did famously win the 2016 election in the face of it.
One way of tackling this question is to compare Trump's standing to where his predecessors were at this same point in their re-election campaigns.
Likewise, Obama's approval average was 48 percent at this same point in 2012, and it wouldn't budge much through Election Day.
And his current average approval rating of 42 percent is about 5 points too low to put him in the second "holding his own" one.
Moreover, Trump's approval rating has only rarely reached the high 40s, where both Bush in '04 and Obama '12 were throughout their re-election campaigns.

Rally at your own risk: Trump campaign's coronavirus disclaimer to supporters-Dareh Gregorian,Dareh Gregorian Is A Politics Reporter For Nbc News.
President Donald Trump is set to resume his campaign rallies next week  but attendees have to agree not to hold his campaign liable if they get the coronavirus in the 19,000-seat arena.
An invitation for the June 19 event in Tulsa, Oklahoma asks people to register online for the event and waive their rights to sue if they get sick.
The rally is being held in the Bank of Oklahoma Center and comes as the city is in phase three of reopening from the coronavirus pandemic.
A Trump campaign official said there would be health precautions in place at the event but did not elaborate.
Stitt, a Republican, has hailed the Trump event.

Customs and Border Protection used money meant for food and medicine on dirt bikes and ATVs, says GAO-Adiel Kaplan,Adiel Kaplan Is A Reporter With The Nbc News Investigative Unit.
Customs and Border Protection spent parts of a $112 million emergency fund meant to buy food, medicine and other items for migrants on all-terrain vehicles, dirt bikes and boats, according to a Government Accountability Office report published Thursday.
The funds in question were a part of the 2019 Emergency Supplemental Appropriations for Humanitarian Assistance and Security at the Southern Border Act.
CBP also used some of the money for facility services, including heating and air conditioning upgrades, sewer system upgrades and janitorial services.
The GAO found little to no connection between the expenses and the category of funds used to pay for them.
We are working to itemize all such expenses, and correct our accounts as recommend by the GAO," the agency said.

Local News-
Get the news thats local to you

Trump threatens to 'take back' Seattle protest zone-
The protests in Seattle, Washington began in response to last month's death in police custody of an unarmed black man, George Floyd, in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Hundreds of protesters have gathered in the ChazHow did the Chaz come about?
Image copyright AFP Image caption Protesters have hung a sign over the Seattle Police Department's now-closed East PrecinctAt the weekend, Seattle police used tear gas and flash bangs to disperse protesters.
In another tweet, he said "Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle", saying Washington Governor Jay Inslee was "looking 'the fool'".
Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan defended the right to protest and told President Trump: "Make us all safe.

US & Canada-
Former Mississippi Governor Ray Mabus says 'it's never too late'In the wake of anti-racism protests, the former Governor of Mississippi says he regrets not doing more.

Coronavirus updates: Trump rally tickets come with virus waiver-
Reuters Copyright: ReutersUS President Donald Trump has been eager to restart his large rallies and come next Friday, they are scheduled to get underway.
But tickets will come with a waiver - which means the organisers can't be held liable should anyone in the crowd catch the virus.
Trump's first campaign rally for the November election will be held next Friday in Oklahoma.
Health experts think large-scale public events could spark new virus clusters and increase the risk of a second wave.
The US has had more than two million confirmed infections since the outbreak began, and 113,000 deaths linked to Covid-19.

BBC News-
AFP Activists have been protesting against police brutality in NairobiA police camp in Kenya's Naivasha town, west of the capital Nairobi, was set on fire by angry residents who were protesting against alleged harassment.
The residents set the house of the officer in-charge on fire before flames spread to the other houses.
Kenya's Independent Policing Oversight Authority (Ipoa) last week raised alarm on rising cases of police brutality.
It called for them to be arrested and charged but no action has been taken so far.
Activists have been holding demonstrations in Nairobi calling for an end to police brutality.

Hong Kong: City of two masks faces a new crisis-Grace Tsoi,Bbc News,Hong Kong
In the past 12 months, almost everyone in Hong Kong has worn a mask for one reason or another.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Frontline protesters wore masks to protect themselves against tear gasBeijing sees this as a necessary crackdown on an unruly city.
The theory goes, if Beijing cracks down on Hong Kong, the West will have to sanction China by revoking special treatment for Hong Kong, damaging China's economy in turn.
Brian Fong, a Hong Kong-based comparative political scientist, described the latest development as "a fundamental change in China's policy toward Hong Kong" - Beijing could risk losing access to foreign capital and technology through Hong Kong.
But she has no plans to leave Hong Kong, even after this year of tumult.

BBC News-
The US Secretary of State says China's "browbeating" of the bank "should serve as a cautionary tale".

How anxiety affects your focus-Kate Morgan
We added a question about pandemic anxiety because at that time it was all over the news, says Laine.
The mean value, which I think is pretty high, was about 5.6.In addition, Laine says those figures showed a clear correlation between that pandemic-related anxiety and decreased working memory performance, though there may be several different mechanisms for how anxiety, pandemic-related or otherwise, interrupts cognitive function.
Lack of sleep is a really good way of impairing working memory, he says.
Working memory problems might also be due in part to a cognitive load thats overwhelming your brains capacity.
Now, rather than thinking, Ill just run to the store, youre thinking about what you need, what stores are open and whether itll be safe to go there.

Pico Iyer on the secret of immersive travel-Pico Iyer
Of course, theres a special clarity in sailing through a noiseless world where theres often no sign of human habitation.
Many of us now are waiting to emerge from long weeks of enforced stillness and to think about what travel can be in the future.
Pico Iyer is the author of 15 books, translated into 23 languages, including The Art of Stillness and, most recently, Autumn Light and A Beginners Guide to Japan.
Join more than three million BBC Travel fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Culture, Worklife and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.

Fears of second coronavirus outbreak hit global shares-
Image copyright AFPGlobal stock markets have fallen amid fears that an uptick in coronavirus cases could cause more economic damage.
The declines came after the US Federal Reserve warned that the American economy faces a long road to recovery.
In the US, the three main share indexes saw their worst day in weeks, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average down almost 7%.
The falls followed a weeks-long rally that had helped shares recover some ground from the lows seen in March.
Energy and travel stocks were among the biggest losers, as global crude oil prices also took a hit.

Business-
The dramatic rise of learning onlineThe coronavirus lockdown has pushed learning online, providing opportunities for some African firms.

Is Trump in trouble for stance on US race relations?-Anthony Zurcher,North America Reporter
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Trump's church photo-op was widely condemned by religious figuresIt's been a rough few weeks for Donald Trump.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Trump merchandise being sold outside a campaign event in 2016Trump was certainly right about the big things.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What Trump voters think of his handling of the virus outbreakNow, however, Trump is a known quantity.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Protesters were pepper sprayed to clear a path for Mr Trump's church visitMeanwhile, civilian leaders and uniformed members of the US military have been distancing themselves from the incident.
The Democrat's lead over Trump so far, however, has been durable - more so than Hillary Clinton's in 2016.

Coronavirus: Overwhelmed India hospitals turn Covid patients away-
VideoIndias capital Delhi could have more than half a million coronavirus cases by the end of July, according to officials.
Meanwhile, the number of Covid-19 cases in the countrys worst-affected city, Mumbai, has surpassed Wuhan in China, where the virus first appeared.
Hospitals in the country are struggling to cope with the number of patients theyre getting.
Many are dying without getting the treatment they need.
Video by Yogita Limaye, Shalu Yadav and Aakriti Thapar

BBC News-
Coronavirus: Domestic violence 'increases globally during lockdown'The UN has described the worldwide increase in domestic abuse as a "shadow pandemic".

Destinies made or broken at a Lisbon dance school-
The BBC's first online documentary film festival, showcasing emerging talents and hidden gems.

Thimmamma Marrimanu: The worlds largest single tree canopy-
Food'We say the secret is that the only ingredients are salt and time.'

What sex can teach us about the past-
NEXT UP SexIn recent centuries, sex has become an awkward topic, but is that really the whole story?

The country building a new London every year-Cici Zhang
In the north of Beijing, not far from the Birds Nest National Stadium, a four-storey orange building hums quietly.
Yet, it is running on only one-fifth of the total energy used by similar office buildings in the capital city.
The building is part of a movement to make Chinas buildings more sustainable.
Over the years, Chinas rapid economic growth has significantly increased buildings energy use and posed a significant challenge for the environment.
From 2001 to 2016, the primary energy consumption in Chinas building sector more than doubled, reaching the equivalent of just under a billion tonnes of coal.

How Covid-19 is changing food shopping-
There are other downsides of overly relying on supermarket chains, which have more than a 95% grocery market share in the UK and France.
Industrial agriculture causes environmental degradation and relies on monocultures which are susceptible to disease.
And the whole system tends to support low wages and temporary jobs.
Almost a third of agriculture and fishing workers and 38% of food retail and wholesale workers in the UK are paid below the living wage.
In the developing world, half of agricultural workers live in poverty  on less than $3.10 (2.55) per day.

Sri Lankas musical 'choon paan' bread trucks-Zinara Rathnayake
During my childhood, the fresh-off-the-oven kimbula (crocodile) bun we bought from the choon paan man for evening tea gave me bliss.
In the six years Ive been here, Ive seldom seen a choon paan truck nor heard the familiar tune I grew up with.
As a result, Sri Lankas once-ubiquitous music bread trucks have now largely disappeared.
Yet, in recent months, Sri Lankas famous music bread trucks have made a comeback, thanks to an unlikely reason: the coronavirus pandemic.
In fact, almost overnight, bakers dusted off their old choon paan trucks and created a delivery network of tuk tuk bread to ensure that housebound islanders could get their buns.

